docs(SRV): add build push image doc for cass & jobs MTA-5835 (#4767)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/serverless-containers/how-to/build-push-container-image.mdx

---
meta:
  title: How to build and push a container image
  description: How to build and push a container image based on a Dockerfile for deploying containerized applications with Scaleway Serverless Containers.
content:
  h1: How to build and push a container image
  paragraph: How to build and push a container image based on a Dockerfile for deploying containerized applications with Scaleway Serverless Containers.
tags: create dockerfile containerize application deployment scaleway
dates:
  validation: 2025-04-02
  posted: 2021-04-02
categories:
  - serverless
  - containers
---

This page explains how to create a simple Dockerfile to containerize your applications for deployment using Scaleway Serverless Containers.

<Macro id="requirements" />

- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)
- [Owner](/iam/concepts/#owner) status or [IAM permissions](/iam/concepts/#permission) allowing you to perform actions in the intended Organization

> - Installed [Docker engine](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) or the Docker daemon locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Installed [Docker engine](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) or the Docker daemon locally
```

# Start the application
CMD ["npm", "start"]
```
</TabsTab>
<TabsTab label="Python Flask">
```dockerfile
# Use the official Python slim image
FROM python:3.13-slim

# Install Flask
RUN pip install flask gunicorn

# Create a simple Flask app directly in the Dockerfile
RUN echo "from flask import Flask\napp = Flask(__name__)\n\n@app.route('/')\ndef hello():\n    return '<!DOCTYPE html><html><body><h1>Hello from Flask on Scaleway Serverless!</h1></body></html>'\n\nif __name__ == '__main__':\n    app.run(host='0.0.0.0', port=8080)" > app.py

# Run the app with Gunicorn
CMD exec gunicorn --bind :$PORT --workers 1 --threads 8 app:app
```
</TabsTab>
</Tabs>

## How to build and push your image from your dockerfile

1. Open a terminal and navigate to the directory containing your Dockerfile.

2. Run the following command to build your Docker image:

    ```bash
    docker build -t my-application .
    ```

> 3. Run the command below to log in to your Scaleway account in the terminal. Do not forget to replace the placeholder with your Container Registry namespace endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the command below to log in to your Scaleway account in the terminal. Make sure that you replace the placeholder values with your own:
```
